README.md, before:

# CODAP Plugin Starter Project

This is a bare-bones React project, created with the `--typescript` version of [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app), and left un-ejected. This is simply a trivial React view with the libraries for using the [CODAP Plugin API](https://github.com/concord-consortium/codap/wiki/CODAP-Data-Interactive-Plugin-API).

## Development

### Copying a starter project

1. Create a new public repository for your project (e.g. `new-repository`)
2. Create a clone of the starter repo
    ```
    git clone --single-branch https://github.com/concord-consortium/codap-plugin-starter-project.git new-repository
    ```
3. Update the starter repo

    First, update and run the starter project:
    ```
    cd new-repository
    npm install
    npm update
    npm start
    ```
    The browser should automatically open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000). Checking for the words "Hello World".
    Also verify that the test suite still passes:
    ```
    npm run test
    ```

4. Next, re-initialize the repo to create a new history
    ```
    rm -rf .git
    git init
    ```
5. Create an initial commit for your new project
    ```
    git add .
    git commit -m "Initial commit"
    ```
6. Push to your new repository
    ```
    git remote add origin https://github.com/concord-consortium/new-repository.git
    git push -u origin master
    ```
7. Open your new repository and update all instances of `codap-plugin-starter-project` to `new-repository`.
   Note: this will do some of the configuration for Travis deployment to S3, but you'll still need to follow
   the instructions [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTpYjbGmUMxk_FswUmapK_RzVyEtm1WdnFcNByp9mqwHnp0nR_EzRUOiubuUCsGwzQgOnut_UiabYOM/pub).
8. Your new repository is ready! Remove this section of the `README`, and follow the steps below to use it.

### Initial steps

1. Clone this repo and `cd` into it
2. Run `npm install` to pull dependencies
3. Run `npm start` to run `webpack-dev-server` in development mode with hot module replacement

## Testing the plugin in CODAP

Currently there is no trivial way to load a plugin running on a local server with `http` into the online CODAP, which forces `https`. One simple solution is to download the latest `build_[...].zip` file from https://codap.concord.org/releases/zips/, extract it to a folder and run it locally. If CODAP is running on port 8080, and this project is running by default on 3000, you can go to

http://127.0.0.1:8080/static/dg/en/cert/index.html?di=http://localhost:3000

to see the plugin running in CODAP.

# Create React App Readme

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

Update dependencies and cypress test. (#7)
* Update dependencies and cypress test.

* Set up ci.yml.

README.md, after:

# CODAP Plugin Starter Project

This is a bare-bones React project, created with the `--typescript` version of [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app), and left un-ejected. This is simply a trivial React view with the libraries for using the [CODAP Plugin API](https://github.com/concord-consortium/codap/wiki/CODAP-Data-Interactive-Plugin-API).

## Development

### Copying a starter project

1. Create a new public repository for your project (e.g. `new-repository`)
2. Create a clone of the starter repo
    ```
    git clone --single-branch https://github.com/concord-consortium/codap-plugin-starter-project.git new-repository
    ```
3. Update the starter repo

    First, update and run the starter project:
    ```
    cd new-repository
    npm install
    npm update
    npm start
    ```
    The browser should automatically open [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) (or 8081 if you are already using 8080). Checking for the words "CODAP Starter Plugin".

    It's ok if you see an error like `handleResponse: CODAP request timed out: [{"action":"update","resource":"interactiveFrame","values":{"name":"Sample Plugin","version":"0.0.1","dimensions":{"width":380,"height":680}}},{"action":"get","resource":"interactiveFrame"}]`. This just means that the plugin is running outside of Codap, so is not receiving responses to API requests, which is expected.
    
    Also verify that the test suite still passes:
    ```
    npm run test
    ```

4. Next, re-initialize the repo to create a new history
    ```
    rm -rf .git
    git init
    ```
5. Create an initial commit for your new project
    ```
    git add .
    git commit -m "Initial commit"
    ```
6. Push to your new repository
    ```
    git remote add origin https://github.com/concord-consortium/new-repository.git
    git push -u origin master
    ```
7. Open your new repository and update all instances of `codap-plugin-starter-project` to `new-repository`.
   Note: this will do some of the configuration for Travis deployment to S3, but you'll still need to follow
   the instructions [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTpYjbGmUMxk_FswUmapK_RzVyEtm1WdnFcNByp9mqwHnp0nR_EzRUOiubuUCsGwzQgOnut_UiabYOM/pub).
8. Your new repository is ready! Remove this section of the `README`, and follow the steps below to use it.

### Initial steps

1. Clone this repo and `cd` into it
2. Run `npm install` to pull dependencies
3. Run `npm start` to run `webpack-dev-server` in development mode with hot module replacement

## Testing the plugin in CODAP

Currently there is no trivial way to load a plugin running on a local server with `http` into the online CODAP, which forces `https`. One simple solution is to download the latest `build_[...].zip` file from https://codap.concord.org/releases/zips/, extract it to a folder and run it locally. If CODAP is running on port 8080, and this project is running by default on 3000, you can go to

http://127.0.0.1:8080/static/dg/en/cert/index.html?di=http://localhost:3000

to see the plugin running in CODAP.

# Create React App Readme

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
